Adding SRW results (#21)
dtcenter/ufs-case-studies: docs/source/Intro.rst

Introduction
=====================================

> Challenges for accurate weather predictions still exist in numerical models. To facilitate the development and improvement of the NOAA operational model, NOAA's Global Forecast System (GFS) is shared with the broad community through the `Unified Forecast System (UFS) <https://ufscommunity.org/>`_ applications. The UFS Medium-Range Weather (MRW) Application (App) provides the source code of GFS, including physics schemes for GFS version 15 (CompSet ``GFS.v15p2``) and additional developmental schemes for GFS version 16 (CompSet ``GFS.v16beta``). The most up-to-date source codes for GFS.v16 can be accessed from the `ufs-weather-model <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-weather-model>`_ GitHub repository. The UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (App) is the a limited area version for the UFS, including physics schemes for  The UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (App) is the a limited area version for the UFS, including physics schemes for ``GFS.v15p2`` and ``RRFS.v1alpha``. GFS.v15 went into operations in June 2019, the operational implementation fo GFS.v16 is currently planned for February 2021 (`Yang 2020 <https://ufscommunity.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/UFS_Webnair_GFSv16_20201022_FanglinYang.pdf>`_). The known biases and development priorities related to GFS.v15 (`Stan et al. 2019 <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rdFPbY28d7cRrcShy0uo4Mtqwh3BSzYg/view>`_) and GFS.v16 (recently presented by `Yang 2020 <https://ufscommunity.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/UFS_Webnair_GFSv16_20201022_FanglinYang.pdf>`_) have been identified and listed below. The knowing bugs in SRW App 1.0 can be found at `SRW App website <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Release-Notes-and-Known-Bugs>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Challenges for accurate weather prediction still exist in numerical models. This catalog of case studies aims at facilitating the development and improvement of NOAA operational modeling systems by making available datasets and codes that allow researchers to configure and run the `Unified Forecast System (UFS) <https://ufscommunity.org/>`_ for a number of cases that represent known biases of the NOAA operational Global Forecast System (GFS).

The catalog offers both global and limited-area domain configurations of the case studies to provide flexibility to users. Given this catalog's current focus on GFS biases, at this time, both global and limited-area configurations use the operational GFS horizontal grid spacing of approximately 13 km. Two types of global configurations are available, both of which focus on suites ``GFS.v15p2`` (used in the GFS v15 implemented operationally in June 2019) and ``GFS.v16beta`` (associated with the GFS v16 implemented operationally in March 2021).

- The UFS Medium-Range Weather (MRW) Application (App) public release, which contains stable and well tested code. It should be noted that the public release code precedes the operational implementation of GFS v16 and therefore does not reflect the final updates that are part of the operational implementation.
- UFS Global Workflow, which invokes the most up-to-date source codes and housed in the `ufs-weather-model <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-weather-model>`_ GitHub repository.

The limited area configurations of the case studies use the UFS Short-Range Weather (SRW) Application (App), which employs suites ``GFS.v15p2`` and ``RRFS.v1alpha``. An operational implementation of the SRW App is planned for 2024. 

The known biases and development priorities related to GFS v15 (`Stan et al. 2019 <https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rdFPbY28d7cRrcShy0uo4Mtqwh3BSzYg/view>`_) and GFS v16 (presented by `Yang 2020 <https://ufscommunity.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/UFS_Webnair_GFSv16_20201022_FanglinYang.pdf>`_) have been summarized below. The known bugs in the SRW App 1.0 can be found at `SRW App website <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app/wiki/Release-Notes-and-Known-Bugs>`_. 
```

Reviewer: I attempted a rewrite at the introduction ot better organize the big picture ideas.

Reviewer: Can you cite the source for the SRW biases?

Author: Thanks, Ligia! I'll modify it accordingly.

    - Larger TC False Alarm Rate in the western North Atlantic
    - Exacerbated low instability bias, which is largely related to dry soil moisture
    - Poor representation of radiation inversions

>   .. group-tab:: RRFS.v1alpha

Reviewer 2: Thank you Linlin for adding the SRW component. 
I think RRFS.v1alpah needs some background introduction in the Intro.rst. Meanwhile, is it possible to find a reference link for the known biases for the RRFS?

Author: Yes, we can add some background introduction, and  add a reference link for the known biases when it is available.

    - Better hurricane track forecasts for strong storms in the Atlantic basin
    - Weak hurricane intensity forecasts
    - Unstable signal over mountain area

>     - Slightly better cold air damming signal

Reviewer: When listing biases (of SRW and MRW), avoid saying _better_ or _worse_ since the reader does not know better/worse with respect to what.

Author: Thanks, Ligia! It's updated.

    - The heat wave signal is too strong
   

> This document provides case studies evaluation results for GFS using the `UFS Medium Range Weather (MRW) App <https://ufs-mrweather-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_ with the target audience being a broad community. These cases are also run using the NOAA Environmental Model Center (EMC) `Global Workflow <https://github.com/NOAA-EMC/global-workflow/wiki>`_, which points to the most up-to-date GFS codes, and are expected to provide insights for the on-going model development. Brief descriptions for MRW App and Global Workflow are below. 

Reviewer: I suggest deleting this paragraph. It is out of date, since SRW is not mentioned. Also, this information is in the introductory paragraph.

Author: It's deleted. Thanks!

	The `Global Workflow <https://github.com/NOAA-EMC/global-workflow>`_ developed by `NOAA EMC <https://www.emc.ncep.noaa.gov/emc_new.php>`_ is a superstructure that supports the Finite-Volume on a Cubed-Sphere Global Forecast System (FV3GFS) development. It includes submodules that points to the most up-to-date GFS model development codes located in the `ufs-weather-model <https://github.com/ufs-community/ufs-weather-model>`_ GitHub repository. Case study results are continually updated when substantial physics innovations are included and GitHub tags (e.g., ``GFS.v16.0.10``) are created between two subsequent public releases.

  .. group-tab:: Short-Range Weather (SRW) App 

> 	The `UFS Short Range Weather (SRW) App <https://ufs-srweather-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_ uses the `regional workflow` that incorporates pre-processing software, forecast model, and post-processor. The app serves as a useful tool to conduct the UFS WM runs. The latest evaluation results are based on physics compsets of ``GFSv15p2`` and ``RRFSv1alpha`` employed in UFS Short Range Weather App *v1.0* (SRW.v1.0), hereafter referred to as SRW_GFSv15p2 and SRW_RRFSv1alpha, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The `UFS Short Range Weather (SRW) App <https://ufs-srweather-app.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html>`_ uses the `regional workflow` that incorporates pre-processing software, forecast model, and post-processor. The app serves as a useful tool to conduct UFS Weather Model (WM) runs. The latest evaluation results are based on physics suites ``GFSv15p2`` and ``RRFSv1alpha`` employed in UFS Short Range Weather App *v1.0* (SRW.v1.0), hereafter referred to as SRW_GFSv15p2 and SRW_RRFSv1alpha, respectively.
```

Reviewer: There is no concept of compset in the regional workflow.

Reviewer: For completeness, the timeline figure should include the SRW release indicating when the physics was frozen.

Reviewer: Spelling: use catalog throughout (cataloque is British).

Reviewer: The case catalogue in this documentation are created based  -> The case catalogue in this documentation was created based

Author: Changed. Thanks!
